alright guys I'm gonna show you how to
change the light on the dragon war fans
of gaming mouse and I'll shift the
camera over to my screen ignore the
gundam unicorn there and here we go
alright so here usually the program is
this like on dragon or g4 after you've
installed the software the disk or if
you watch my previous video of the
review of this mouse you can get the
software in the description and there
you go you can assign your buttons your
dpi whatever and all that but to change
the color like this then here we go you
got the polling rate settings set your
like breathing a full lights and some
breathing your articles stride full
light and right now it's likely for all
the six colors let's choose single color
and give it a purple after that you can
go hey here and the mouse will freak out
for a second
and there you go it has changed to the
purple I'm gonna show you one more time
we go alright we do it again open the
program click your pen settings except
breathing this time let's big orange and
once again I'll hit OK the mouse will
take a while to pinch in there you go
the light change hopefully that helped
you guys pick a custom mouse settings
you can like in Chi and transform it all
that there we go they go Maximo
you